[OP#44964]Single API endpoint for setting whole integration (#280)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: README.md

- For documentation on how to use the integration once it is set up, refer to [Using the Nextcloud integration](https://openproject.org/docs/user-guide/nextcloud-integration/).
- For documentation on how to set up the integration as an administrator, refer to [Nextcloud integration setup](https://openproject.org/docs/system-admin-guide/integrations/nextcloud/).

## Setting up the integration as an administrator with API

> We have a single API endpoint (/setup) available to set , update and delete the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a single API endpoint (/setup) available to set up, update and delete the integration.
```

> 1. Set up the whole integration with [POST] request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up the whole integration with a [POST] request
```

> We need to provide following open project key information in data
> 	- openproject_instance_url
>     - openproject_client_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These data need to be provided:
    - openproject_instance_url
    - openproject_client_id
```

    - openproject_client_id

Example curl request to set up whole integration
```bash
curl -XPOST -uadmin:admin  http://<nextcloud_host>/index.php/apps/integration_openproject/setup \

> -d '{"values":{"openproject_instance_url":<openproject_instance_url>,"openproject_client_id":<openproject_client_id>,"openproject_client_secret":<openproject_client_secret>,"default_enable_navigation":null,"default_enable_unified_search":null}}' \

Reviewer: I think default_enable_navigation and default_enable_unified_search need to be "true" or "false"

-H 'Content-Type: application/json' -v
```

The response from the above curl request
```json
{
    "nextcloud_oauth_client_name": <openproject-client>,
    "openproject_redirect_uri": "http://<openproject_instance_url>/oauth_clients/<nextcloud_client_id>/callback",
    "nextcloud_client_id": <nextcloud_client_id>,
    "nextcloud_client_secret": <nextcloud_client_secret>
}
```

> 2. Update the integration with [PUT] request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the integration with a [PUT] request
```

>    We can provide any of following open project key information in data to update
> 	- openproject_instance_url
> 	- openproject_client_id
> 	- openproject_client_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One or more of this items need to be send to the endpoint
    - openproject_instance_url
    - openproject_client_id
    - openproject_client_id
```

Example curl request to update only `openproject_client_id` and `openproject_client_secret`
```bash
curl -XPUT -uadmin:admin  http://<nextcloud_host>/index.php/apps/integration_openproject/setup \
-d '{"values":{"openproject_client_id":<openproject_client_id>,"openproject_client_secret":<openproject_client_secret>}}' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' -v
```

The response from the above curl request
```json
{
    "nextcloud_oauth_client_name": <openproject-client>,
    "openproject_redirect_uri": "http://<openproject_instance_url>/oauth_clients/<nextcloud_client_id>/callback",
    "nextcloud_client_id": <nextcloud_client_id>,
    "nextcloud_client_secret": <nextcloud_client_secret>
}
```

> 2. Resetting the whole integration with [DELETE] request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Resetting the whole integration with a [DELETE] request
```
